Post/all the ways to color your text in css (#31)
iamshadmirza/TheNextBigWriter: js/all-the-ways-to-color-your-text-in-css/all-the-ways-to-color-your-text-in-css.md

> Color property in css is a very common property. It is used whenever there is a need to provide different color to Text. There are many ways to provide values to this property. Let's have a look into all those ways.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Color property in CSS is a very common one. It is used whenever there is a need to provide different colors to Text. There are many ways to provide value to this property. Let's have a look into all those ways.
```

```css
// rgba value to provide full opacity
h1 {
    color: rgba (0, 0, 255, 1);
}
```

> <h3 style="color: rgba(0, 0, 255, 1)">I am fully opaque<h3>

```css
// rgba value with transparency
h1 {
    color: rgba (0, 0, 255, 0.3);
}
```

> <h3 style="color: rgba(0, 0, 255, 0.3)">I am semi-transparent</h3>

📌 **Browser Compatibility**

The browser support for rgba() is great. Check [Can I Use](https://caniuse.com/#feat=rgba) for details if you’re curious.

#### 4. HSL Values

HSL stands for hue, saturation, and lightness - and represents a cylindrical-coordinate representation of colors. This looks syntactically similar to rgb values but the ranges are different. An HSL color value is specified with the hsl() function, which has the following syntax:

> hsl (hue, saturation, lightness)

**Hue**: Think of a color wheel. Around 0 and 360 degrees are reds. 120 degree is where greens are and 240 degree are blues. Use anything in between 0-360. Values above and below will be modulus 360.
**Saturation**: 0% is completely desaturated (grayscale). 100% is fully saturated (full color).
**Lightness**: 0% is completely dark (black). 100% is completely light (white). 50% is average lightness.

> **alpha**: Opacity/Transparency value. 0 is fully transparent. 1 is fully opaque. 0.5 is 50% transparent.

Reviewer: since alpha is defined in hsla you should make some changes. Either describe hsla here and quickly mention that hsl exists too. Because people would already get the hang of rgb + rgba thing in previous section
